Context

The current setup of imagery production in the Autosat geostationary satellite
processing system exhibits multiple inefficiencies.  These include the
generation of many images that may contain the same underlying data but be of:

- the same region but in a different projection;
- the same region and projection but different image size;
- the same region, projection and image size but contain or not contain coast
and/or grid lines;
- different regions but contain an overlapping, therefore replicated,
coverage;

Another inefficiency is the generation of images that mostly contain data
provided by another image, but different data in a minority of areas (e.g.
volcanic parameters or overshooting-top detections overlaid on infrared
brightness temperatures).

These inefficiencies lead to wasted storage space and processing cycles. With
the advent of next generation satellites (e.g. Himawari-8, GOES-R, MTG, etc.)
comes new opportunities for superior image generation, enabling us to provide
customers with higher quality products. However, if the inefficiencies listed
are not addressed, our system will not be able to handle the massive increases
in data and processing needed to take advantage of these opportunities.

The inefficiencies feed through to the provision of imagery to customers.
The vast majority of satellite imagery produced is available to view on the
internal website, Tigger.  This website is very popular in FSD and is used
widely throughout the office.  However, a common complaint is that there are
too many images and it can be hard to search through them to find what is
required.  Moreover, there may be a region that isn't covered by a certain
image type, or a projection which the user favours.  Also, to cut-down on the
amount of different geographical cut-outs for some image types, these
types are just produced in full resolution for the full disk.  These images
typically have very large file sizes that make them nearly unusable in the
Tigger website.

Imagery provision using Web Map Services

A method of imagery provision that potentially reduces all of these
inefficiencies is the supply of imagery products as
Web Map/Map Tile/Feature/Coverage Services.  These services would be provided
by a server that shares geospatial data using these protocols.  Such
applications include the widely used GeoServer or MapServer.  Overviews of the
different protocols are provided by a number of useful web pages, e.g.:

http://www.winwaed.com/blog/2009/02/09/overview-wms-wfs-wcs/

The following describes how Autosat could be modified to provide..

modifications to Autosat (e.g. just single channel imagery full disc,
equirectangular, etc.)... Feature data sets